Project Manager
Info Sec Exec gave assignment
Manual Semi manual processes and automate 
within system
but want more specified regulations t
automatated non compliance alerts 
nicole not approved
problem we need to explore all avenues 
red flags: solution work with system internal processes. with regulation certified by govt also big hacks in news not fedramped. govt could ban us if we are sus ask for email for confirmation that we are go nist open source softwares openscap fedramp tool for tenable c++ c sharp, or python 
look through directory 
not reinventing the wheel 
scan through infosec.
what the client wants no definitive 
we need to grill the client how it network
find all the gaps 
executive management 
need consultants that are currently working on infosec regulations/projects for advice


open sources


FW: Status of capstone change

Flag for follow up.
ckyriaco
Thu 12/17/2020 12:27 PM
More actions
Our new project



-------- Original message --------
From: Chris Prather <cprather@ara.com>
Date: 12/17/20 11:52 AM (GMT-05:00)
To: ckyriaco <ckyriaco@masonlive.gmu.edu>
Subject: RE: Status of capstone change

Chris,

 

I met with one of our Corporate Security Senior Engineers, and I believe we’ve identified a project that would be challenging enough for a Capstone, and would provide quite a bit of value to ARA, while avoiding some of the security/access concerns that the previous project ran into.

 

At the corporate level, ARA has dozens of documented Infosec Policies & Procedures, all of which must be audited regularly in order for ARA to stay in compliance with federal guidelines and regulations. Some of these audits are completely automated, some are partially automated, and some are manual. Many of them require combing through Windows Active Directory to gather various bits of information.

 

For this project, you would need access to a Windows Enterprise Deployment (which I would imagine GMU has), and would need to make sure you have the appropriately privileges to access Active Directory. Since Active Directory is basically the same across deployments, this would allow you to do everything you need outside of the ARA network, and the code could be transferred to ARA for implementation.

 

What we would be asking you to do is to look at the audit procedures that are currently in place and not yet automated, and write code that would automate the audit procedures. This could involve Python, C#, or even PowerShell. Examples of audit procedures would be flagging inactive accounts (more than 90 days), de-conflicting duplicate entries, verifying information matches, etc.

 

Does this sound like something that would be of interest to you and your team?

 

From: ckyriaco <ckyriaco@masonlive.gmu.edu>
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 10:00 AM
To: Chris Prather <cprather@ara.com>
Subject: RE: Status of capstone change

 

We appreciate all you are doing to help us find another possible project. If you need me to attend any meeting to explain the requirements, or to answer any other questions, please feel free to let me know. 

 

Christopher Kyriacou

 

 

 

-------- Original message --------

From: Chris Prather <cprather@ara.com>

Date: 12/15/20 9:35 AM (GMT-05:00)

To: ckyriaco <ckyriaco@masonlive.gmu.edu>

Subject: RE: Status of capstone change

 

Chris – I’m still working hard to identify a project. I’ve escalated the question to our Sector and Corporate IT managers, and have a couple of meetings with them scheduled for this week. I’ll keep you posted!

 

From: ckyriaco <ckyriaco@masonlive.gmu.edu>
Sent: Monday, December 14, 2020 1:39 PM
To: Chris Prather <cprather@ara.com>
Subject: Status of capstone change

 

Hey Chris,

 

I hope all is well. I was wondering if there has been any progress with possible capstone project replacements for my team and I? Please let me know if there is anything my team and I can do to help with this process.

 

Best,

 

Christopher Kyriacou

We have not been given a lot of info 
hard to research 
flagging inactive accoutns
need  
meeting 
manual procedures 
and automated procedures 
what are the gaps that needed to be filled 
Examples of audit procedures would be 
flagging inactive accounts (more than 90 days), 
de-conflicting duplicate entries, 
verifying information matches, etc

we are 
subcontractors
contractors

hammer them with questions 

infosec exec <-- to meet with 
middle group 2-3 regulations autolibrary python class 
c sharp is like java  
procedural script 
specific
dont reinvent the wheel 
how is the other stuff automated ?
how can we use what already exists to accomplish our goal

 

 